SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

LANGUAGES

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 [resumesample@example.com](mailto:resumesample@example.com)

Skilled employee with a positive attitude

Friendly Account with 2 years of experience supporting accounting teams in financial planning and
management. Well-versed in preparing tax invoices, completing complicated calculations and verifying
invoices. Bringing excellent communication and collaboration skills to complete assigned tasks.

«Tax return filing * Account reconciliation

- Payroll liability and deductions « Adobe software proficiency
«Year-end close « A/PandAR
« Payroll management * GAAP Accounting
- General ledger accounting * Proficient in
- Accounting and bookkeeping * Proficient in Medical Software such as
«Strategic planning ADS, Ibeza,EMR.
- Accounts payable * Proficient in Excel,Microsoft
- General ledger entries Word,PowerPoint,Access
« Payroll administration * Sage 50 US proficiency
- QuickBooks
¢ Textura and Procore (Contractor's Billing
Software)
ACCOUNTANT 02/2020 to CURRENT

Us Oncology, Inc. | Columbia, MD

« Analyzed financial statements and income statements to review company's financial performance.

« Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.

«Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.

« Balanced reports and batch summaries to submit for approval.

¢ Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.

« Monitored company costs and presented budget forecasts for each quarter.

« Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable, bank reconciliations and payroll function.

« Prepared month-end closing entries for detailed reporting and recordkeeping.

« Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.

- Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.

« Processed payroll and reviewed employee liability balances in support of HR objectives.

« Reviewed AP general ledger entries and deposits for contract compliance.

« Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures and correct problems with physical and
digital files

OFGICE MANAGER 12/2016 to 12/2018
Chase Brass | Wheeling, IL

«Maintains office services by organizing office operations and procedures; preparing payroll; controlling
correspondence: designing filing systems; reviewing and approving supply requisitions

- Other duties were, prepare invoices for every shipment dispatched in the company

« Managed office inventory and placed new supply orders.

« Handled scheduling and managed timely and effective allocation of resources and calendars.

«Trained and mentored administrative staff members in company policies, daily task execution, and
industry best practices.

- Coordinated office activities and operations to secure efficiency and compliance with company policies.

« Elevated customer satisfaction ratings by resolving client and case issues effectively.

PAQENT REPRESENTATIVE, SURGICAL COORDINATOR AND FRONT DESK 06/2013 to 09/2014
Emd Millipore | Wiesbaden, DE

- Spoke to patients upon arrival to determine if personal data or insurance information had changed.
« Supervised patient flow by checking in patients immediately upon arrival.

« Informed patients of delays and approximate wait times upon arrival for appointments.

« Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and aided with feeding and monitoring.

« Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify a course of treatment.

« Checked patient insurance and collected pre-authorizations from providers.

« Worked with operating facilities to schedule procedures on behalf of surgeons.

« Booked surgeries according to physician volume and maintained prompt turnaround times.

« Gathered current medical information and reviewed histories to gather details for surgeons.

¢ Distributed treatment and procedural information to patients.

« Managed patient check-in and check-out procedures and processed payments.

« Located scheduling barriers and implemented appropriate solutions.

« Coordinated work processes and routed paperwork to appropriate physicians and staff members.

SFOCIALIST 09/2009 to 07/2012
Ministry Of Public Health | City

Specialist A in economic management at the department of Foreign trade and currency, where the
performance of the principal tasks was:
¢ Performed budget formulation work involving review and preparation of budget estimates and financial
plans for the national health system
« Monitored budget execution work, including obligations incurred and actual expenditures of funds.
« Determined and tracked budget expenses with accuracy and transparency.

MBA | Accounting 01/2019
Metropolitan University Ana G, Miami Lakes

AcCountant Clerk. and QuickBooks 01/2016
Miami Coral Park Adult

HF-& Block, Income Tax Course | Income Tax 01/2015
HR & Block , Atlanta, GA

PcOt Graduated Studies | Business Administration And Management 04/2010
Havana University , Havana

1. Management Behavior.
2. Interaction Between the Economy and the Citizen
3. Negotiation Techniques.
4. Conflicts, Resolution Techniques, Mediation in Conflict Resolution.
5. Ethics and Behavior

BzOhelor of Arts | Business Administration 07/2009
University of Havana , Havana

- Thesis: Analysis and strategic Diagnostic for the Vice-Presidency of Mobile Services of Cuba's
Telecommunications Company S.A (ETECSA). Strategic Formulation
- Major in Business Administration

AsCociate of Arts | Accounting 01/2004

Accounting Technician Institute Antonio Guiteras Holms, Havana

« Thesis: Costs for Universals Warehouse
« Major in Accounting

English: Spanish:
Negotiated: Negotiated: