JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor | (555) 432-1000 | resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Meticulous Accountant with advanced accounting, mathematical and QuickBooks expertise. Successful at maintaining financial records and
reviewing account activity. Proven track record of developing accurate spreadsheets and delivering organized reports. Accomplish tasks
within strict deadlines while prioritizing urgent needs. Well-organized, diligent and focused professional. Acknowledged for reliability,
integrity and quick-learning ability. Highly skilled for identifying and correcting errors. Enthusiastically seeking a role in which strong work
ethic and resourceful nature will be highly valued.

SKILLS
Intuit QuickBooks specialist © Payroll Processing
© Project Management © Budgeting
¢ Financial Statement Review © Human resources knowledge
Work History

Accountant, 05/2020 - Current
Anne Carlsen — Jamestown, ND
© Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.
« Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of improvement.
© Delivered human resources financial support by certifying and processing payroll, completing deposits, performing pay adjustments and
promptly distributing checks.
© Submitted biweekly reports on payroll activities.
© Performed calculations in overtime, vacation and sick hours to provide accurate data to payroll processing database.

- Processed payroll garnishments such as tax liens and child support.
© Maintained consistent knowledge of multi-state and local tax regulations.
© Verified accounts payable documentation and generated weekly check runs to pay tax and liabilities before predetermined deadlines.
© Oversaw hiring, staffing, and labor law compliance.
- Reviewed accounts on monthly basis to assess aging and pursue collection of funds.
© Prepared billing statements and invoices for customer purchases and recorded transaction date, price and fees to support accuracy.
- Processed tax exempt certificates, coupons and vendor credit inquiries.
© Reconciled company accounts for credit cards, employee expenses and commissions.
- Prepared daily cash flow analysis
© Completed scheduled inventory counts and supply audits to track shrinkage and inform purchasing decisions.
© Prepared and maintained records and reports of inventories, price lists, shortages, shipments and expenditures.
¢ Reviewed established business practices and improved processes to increase efficiencies and reduce expense without compromising
customer service levels.

Accounting Assistant, 05/2019 - Current
Five Star Quality Care, Inc. — Boston, MA
© Applied mathematical abilities on a daily basis to calculate and check figures in all areas of accounting systems.
© Reconciled all company accounts each month.
© Posting bi-weekly payroll for company employees, including calculating taxes.
¢ Disbursing checks to vendors.
¢ Entered figures using a 10-key calculator to compute data quickly.
¢ Entering daily deposits for multiple partners in QuickBooks.
© Reporting unclaimed property.
© Reporting and disbursing 1099's to applicable vendors.
© Scanning all check deposits through software to deposit in the bank.
¢ Keeping confidentiality with bank accessibility and information.

Registration Assistant, 01/2017 - 11/2019
Dartmouth College — Hanover, NH
« Answering multi-line phones.
Registering 100+ patients in Pre-Registration Department, Emergency Room Department, Main Admitting, and Day Surgery
Department.
© Scheduling patients for outpatient services.
Transcribing orders for outpatient services.
© Insurance verifications of eligibility, benefit information, and pre-certification.
© Collecting all co-pays, surgery deposits, and outpatient services.
© Organizing Pods, stocking appropriate forms for Pods and front desk.
Transporting patients to various departments.

Accounting Intern, 10/2018 - 05/2019
Avid Technology Professionals — Dulles, VA
© Maintained account accuracy by reviewing and reconciling checks monthly.
© Utilized JD Edwards Software to analyze, store and record company financial information.
© Reconciled multiple cash deposits from various departments.

- Reconciled 30-35 bank accounts.
© Reconciled 40-50 Fidelity accounts.
Entered flex payments, worker's compensation, health claim payments, credit card fees, monthly interest into general ledgers.
¢ Scanning in supporting documentations for entries posted.
Pulling any files needed as well as filing away any documentation requested by City Auditor.

EDUCATION

Master in Professional Accounting: 06/2021
Colorado State University- Global Campus - Aurora, CO
GPA: 3.78

Bachelor of Business Administration: Accounting, 05/2019
West Texas A&M University - Canyon, TX
GPA: 3.2, Dean's List Spring 2018 Member, & Finance Association Member of National Honor Society

Associate of Science: Business Administration in Accounting, 05/2017
Amarillo College - Amarillo, TX
GPA: 3.1